Update slashing.md (#772)
onflow/docs: docs/networks/node-ops/node-operation/slashing.md

(An epoch is a finite amount of time defined by the protocol, approximately one week,
during which the nodes participate to run the protocol and are responsible for their operations.)

> See the [Staking and Epochs section of the documentation](https://developers.flow.com/networks/staking) to learn more

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [Staking and Epochs section of the documentation](../../staking/index.md) to learn more
```
